Hello, this is the first of documenting my projects. In this first project I am learing and building simultaneously. With my experience with the fine dinning world I plan 
on developing an application the will help servers track thier financial income. 
Servers are notoriously known to mishandle finances due to having cash on hand and not having 
a physical documentation of thier daily income. The application will intake bills of tables, tips from the day, and return an average of bills and tips. 
It will also return a tip 
percentage for the day. This will also allow the server to keep track of the viability of staying at a restaurant. 
If they begin to realize that thier income or tips are decreasing
they can analize it with this tracker and make a bettter judgement on the root of the issue. 
The goal of this app is to help servers become more financially responsible and aware of thier performance. 

  + initial tools:
    - html
    - css
    - javascript
  + future additional tools
    -mongoDB / MYSQL / Firebase
    
    

  + In possible later revisions it will become more of a budget app, where the server can input expenses. Which will give a physical representaion of thier time = income viability. For a personal matter I will document every day as a journal. This will help me track my own progress and will serve as a practice towards my eventual blog on this journey.
  
// ------------------------------------------------------------------------- 12/13/20 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//

Today, I was focused on learning the process and steps with a small fraction of work done. I will also add images this week to document my wireframing of this project and architecture. I added some user interface features in the HTML, styled the paged a bit more to make it seem palatable but no where near where I see it. Trying not to spend to much time on esthetics. For now just working on learning and implementing my new aquired knowledge into practice. It seems to be helping me understand the required philosophy of what I am coding. Will step up production.


